hi friends is she is
today we will learn how to install
a minecraft server with or without bug
who you are with hamachi good we will have
three methods
so first we'll see the method
which is completely free is
completely easy you go on the
Serbian
ww minecraft net point official slash
download
after you go download in aude
minecraft that reigns down server points
ex including 2,800 kb that I already have
download as we can see
right here
here are more downloaded after that
you do it you will create a
folder new folder
I know I 'm not created my kind
hello to his games can rewrite to
legs but I do not know how to write after
what are you going to do?
finally you will send the server you
have uploaded to the folder
you have to rename it in
you're going to be famous for that but no
you do not have to name it and then in
does that throw it so that's fine
do more a game so I 'm going to you
explain what needs to be changed
pec what it takes to change
so while it's happening we take the
thing his ride ipes so that's the
people who were betting paris p that
it's people who were born
because of the water the opc the people who
are admitted to the administrators or
modos and that's enough for log
so that's the log of the server and its
crate who knows he must lauper either with
the notepad or be with our no
more more than I advise you
Hollow notebook is simpler so
that's what it's all about
properties this is the configuration of the ca
so what's going to change
that must be changed if you have a
collection that is not good at all
so that's the nether so if we can or
not activate the breeder otherwise it must
change his stuffed animal is not affected
touched not panic his kids because
that otherwise people will leave my
theft is otherwise whitelist the sessions
crazy this because finally it does not depend
as a symbol of a video and you
do you want to drive with anyone and that
nobody needs to connect
then you change the folk to choo and
then you change the file that is there
and you add the pseudo milk if we
can directly do it from
dc did had white list and and you put
pseudo hacker fashion is when we
logs
we have some good so pvp what is it
these pv this pv player vs player
so if you want friends
kill each other I can kill you down
to leave you
otherwise what does it really take
change that's it I'm going to find
here is online mode so everything must be left
finally must the palace is actually so
and play in crack like me must
let's finally have to format it this
because if you leave it underneath
it's the people who have the truth
minecraft finally they bought they
can easily connect its
confession m usa not unique premium in itself the
proof can modify dtf mode e messages
that's why I did that to you and you
save
that's all that has changed not need
of wire after to modify the same steals
so after if you do not install a
internet dunks sign for you
just change world by the name of the map
and you put the name of the drive
so much the record here that's all so the
flavors and young people so made having
all the commands by typing right here
all orders so you explain
not he marks in English and then if you
do not understand
google is your friend otherwise it's the
mother of method
so I will show you by testing
directly I will go directly
surely it's okay so how she and her
so we have several choices
firstly we can either use
hamachi hamachi so here it is
you download a hash so looked
as you download hamachi I
download hamachi I want to restore the
thing is so it's going to make a network so
the network can just make network created
a network you download the pins you
to the idea of not fashion network
network and it's good to give it to your
friends and then you can do it after
for friends if you are not you have to
have the ipv4 address copied to you
give more can connect to
condition that they are on the network so
here you download it's free
that's fine or else you will have to
you not so there I let you look
year earlier but just for you
help
if you have a box look first
boxing there are marked ip and then you
enter the pc 81
I do not know how much and after you
identify everything is marked below
boxing or at worst if you have
keep the manual
it works too and them if not for
extend the knowledge you have to do this top
but I will not do it again because
that I'm going to show you that it works
so the calvados
and that was still it's a
other man
so you see it works the kallist to
bg because in fact these releases I knew
keep but actually when you when
you do that you always have to
not a little hard to do but I had
already lens before I have to
raise for changes
be registered here it is good I
do not know why he created a new
folder him that duplaix quickly and
tweetdeck
it's ok
I'm standing here that's good there I tend
here
I update I update this is localhost
I run fucking angry that fucking
sorry but that's my thing it's my
ordi bugs like a foot if i can say
his voice the ongoing densification and
I managed to connect
so if you would make me weird and I'm
Too much I punctured, however, I have water
so just to show you that already
walk so as I wanted said it must
just do it when I told you so
what is system abdou throw this map
so here's to show you who's walking
and that of course the thing what I did
they walk looked at it works
So here we are going to stop that and we're going
already go to step
finally the stage of good for the stage of this
would be in the second part of
videos
so there will be two wickets to
minecraft words and minecraft down so mo
for the version that I do not show you
and beats for version 2 so leaves
go to the in the other video
and if you have good but this video
like it or better subscribe